Update statistics.rst (#4471)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/statistics.rst

    Users who made a post on a certain day in all the teams on your system, including system messages posted from the user's account.

Advanced system statistics (Enterprise)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Enterprise Edition includes additional system statistics.

Total Sessions
    The number of active user sessions connected to your system. Expired sessions are not counted.

Total Commands

>     The number of active slash commands currently setup on your system. Slash commands that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The number of active slash commands currently set up on your system. Slash commands that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.
```

Incoming Webhooks

>     The number of active incoming webhooks currently setup on your system. Incoming webhooks that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The number of active incoming webhooks currently set up on your system. Incoming webhooks that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.
```

Outgoing Webhooks

>     The number of active outgoing webhooks currently setup on your system. Outgoing webhooks that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The number of active outgoing webhooks currently set up on your system. Outgoing webhooks that are created and then removed in the **Integrations** menu are not counted.
```
